[Doc] Add Jmx metrics information for caching in Iceberg (#24827)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

Caching Support
---------------

Statistics File Caching
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Support for Puffin-based statistics caching in Presto’s Iceberg connector. It is enabled by default in Presto Iceberg connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for Puffin-based statistics caching. It is enabled by default.
```
* Suggest we don't need to say "in Presto Iceberg connector" when this is in the Iceberg connector page. Let me know if you feel it is important to specify that here. 

* Enabled by default suggests it can be disabled by the user. Consider telling the reader how this is set: something like 

  "It is enabled by default using the ``statistics.file.caching`` configuration property." 
  
  or 
  
  "It can be disabled using the ``statistics_file_caching`` session property." 
  (``statistics.file.caching`` used as an example)

                                                       this size will not be cached.
====================================================   =============================================================   ============

JMX query to get the metrics and verify the cache usage::

    SELECT * FROM jmx.current."com.facebook.presto.iceberg:name=iceberg,type=manifestfilecache";

.. note::

>     JMX query is only applicable to check the cache usage in case of Iceberg Hive catalog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Manifest file cache statistics are only available through the JMX connector when the Iceberg connector is configured with a HIVE catalog type.
```
